Is Rob in here?
I thought you both left.
What's going on?
I can't find him.
We're gonna review this file
and we're gonna figure out
what the next steps are.
Police.
Looking for John Gacy.
You go and get yourself
involved with Rob Piest?
No.
Coppers.
Can they. uh.
can they just follow you
for as long as they want?
That's a loaded question.
Are you being followed?
So how long
you been a member here. John?
He's the most popular
non-member there is.
Pogo the Clown
at your service.
desperate to meet ya.
I think I know
why they're following me.
They think I did something
with that Rob kid.
And with you.
being my lawyer and all now.
I just wanna clear the air.
If he tries to leave.
shoot out his fucking tires.
The guy's out of control.
What do you want us to do?
Somebody give me
a fucking shovel!
Take him.
Full name. please.
John Gacy. Junior.
Turn to your left. Address?
8213 West
Summerdale Avenue.
Norwood Park. Illinois.
Turn right. Birthdate?
St. Patty's Day.
March 17th. 1942.
Look at the camera.
What state were you born in?
A state of confusion.
Hello?
Mrs. Piest.
Detective Kozenczak.
We haven't found your son yet.
They haven't found Robbie.
Harold's picking up downstairs.
Good. Thank you.
I'm on.
We have arrested Gacy.
He is in custody.
Has he said anything?
He's being processed.
We'll be
interrogating him later.
Are you still searching
for Rob in the meantime?
Uh. no.
No. not at present.
Because you're certain Gacy
knows where he is?
I am.
Why?
We executed a search warrant
at Gacy's house.
Discovered two bodies.
By the looks of it.
they're younger men
about your son's age.
You think one of them is Robbie?
Kerry. get off the line.
No. no. no. no.
Uh. because of the state
of the decomposition. the...
they've been there for months.
Years. maybe.
Rob's only been missing
for a few days.
But you think you'll find him
there in. in that house?
We can't say for sure.
And I normally would never call
under these circumstances...
but I promised.
Thank you. Lieutenant.
You're welcome.
Hey. good morning.
You okay?
Do I... Do I smell
strange to you?
I don't smell anything.
You were in that house.
Everybody at the station
was talking about it.
Can you change your shift?
I don't think I'll be able
to make Fred dinner.
No. but he'll be fine.
The freezer's full.
Don't you forget to eat. yeah?
Yeah.
♪ Down the street ♪
♪ The same old thing ♪
♪ You like me ♪
♪ Nothing to do ♪
Oh. Did you get the karpatkas?
With the custard.
And the babka.
And the sweet rolls.
And the paczki.
Everything on your list.
At least your mother
trusted us to get it.
Progress.
Desperation.
And she went over it
with me twice.
Car sounds good.
Needs an oil change.
Just gonna take it
to the service station
this weekend.
What? No.
Waste of money.
Let's change it this weekend.
We can touch up
the driver side door
at the same time.
Oh. this is a goodie.
♪ You gamble ♪
♪ You took a chance ♪
♪ You gambled ♪
No?
♪ You played with a man ♪
Senior Ball is coming up.
Isn't it?
Yeah. Yeah.
Bringin' your friend?
You mean Lynn?
Yeah. Lynn.
Uh. no.
We're not together or anything.
So? Your mother and I
were friends for years
before I asked...
-Before you asked her out?
Okay. Look. you're gonna run out
of stories one day too.
Uh. seize the day sometimes.
And Lynn's a great girl.
We're friends for a reason.
Sometimes... That's what
a relationship is. right?
Friendship first. then the sex.
-Dad.
-What? What?
You're. you're interested
in that.
Are you kidding me?
Hey.
Leave it to the health classes.
You know.
your brother never wanted
to talk about this either.
Would you want to with your dad?
How's little Sammy?
What?
Sammy. your son.
How's he?
Better.
Good. Good.
He liked the bear I got him?
Yeah. he did. Thanks.
Nobody tells you
how hard it's gonna be.
Parenting.
No one tells you.
Do you remember
what you told me last night
in my office?
All right.
-Yeah.
I'd. uh. I'd like
to get you committed.
What do I gotta commit to?
I need you serious
right now. John.
As serious as a heart attack.
Relax. Sam.
Um. you're talkin' strategy.
I'm with you.
We're gonna need
a full psychiatric evaluation.
-Oh.
-That'll give us some leverage
when we start asking
for a plea deal.
Wait. hold on.
Plea. That means
I'm guilty. right?
They just reinstated
the death penalty here.
So. we get ahead of this?
You'll go to jail
for the rest of your life.
but at least you'll have one.
Prosecutor's a buddy of mine.
No. I know what I gotta do.
I've been thinkin'
it might be better
to clear the air here anyway.
No. Listen to me. John.
You don't have
to clear anything. okay?
You just let me do the talking.
No deal.
We're gonna do this my way.
-John...
-It's like I told ya.
I'm gonna be my own judge.
jury. and executioner.
Don't worry.
I'll be out of the clink
before you can boil an egg.
I got too much shit
to take care of.
Hey. Mornin'. fellas.
Mike.
How are ya. guys?
We are fine. John. How are you?
Yeah. I've seen better days.
Sam. how's the family?
-Good. Bill. Yours?
-Ugh.
Kathleen's what. in 5th?
Yeah. No. 6th. Jesus.
You know. actually. his.
his Little Sammy is very sick.
Fever.
Been in the hospital all night.
Kid's a fighter though.
We're pullin'.
Yeah. I'm sorry to hear that.
Uh. my name is Bill Kunkle.
I am the prosecutor
in your case.
I hear you have handed
our friend here.
um. quite the handful.
You wouldn't happen
to be the same Bill Kunkle
who ran for Circuit Court judge
four times and lost?
One and the same.
Voted for Whiting.
Blood runs blue.
Yeah. Well. nobody's perfect.
I like this guy.
He's funny.
Shall we get to it?
We've been here
for a few hours already.
Absolutely. Joe?
Our guys found human remains
under your house.
We got two bodies.
Is one of 'em Robert Piest?
No.
Mr. Gacy's being charged
with one count of murder.
The police expect to find
the Piest boy very soon.
Unless. unless. John.
you wanna help us out here?
You could tell us where he is.
So. we have one
unrelated murder charge
and two unidentified bodies?
We're working on IDs
right now. Sam.
No proof or admission
of guilt from my client.
Your warrant's based
on what. a bad smell?
A bad smell. yeah.
from the rotting corpses
in Mr. Gacy's crawlspace.
Listen. you've been read
your rights.
We can wrap this thing up.
It's up to you
if you wanna cooperate.
-So. how can I help you. guys?
-John. just keep quiet. okay?
A couple different ways
we can go about this.
I think most
importantly right now.
we're looking at these bodies
underneath your house.
Lieutenant. hold on.
You hold on. Sam.
You hold on.
You work for me. remember?
Of course.
We're gonna do this my way.
I would like to cooperate
with you. boys.
Help out in any way that I can.
John. great place to start.
Where is Rob Piest?
Don't answer that.
Uh. it'd be better
if I could show you what's what.
Sam.
Bill.
Is. uh. what he said true?
Sammy in the hospital?
Yeah.
Is he gonna be okay?
Yeah. I think so.
It's just one of those things.
you know?
Yeah.
How's private practice
treatin' you?
Slow-goin'.
Trying to get my name out there.
This is one way to do it.
Are we gonna get
this thing done?
Well. what are you offering?
No. no. no.
I think you should go first.
I'd really rather bring
something to my client.
You haven't broached
the subject of a plea with him?
My client's innocent.
Yeah.
Then why are we talking?
You got a theory
about how those two bodies
ended up in there?
What? Buried themselves?
To be determined.
Okay. How about this?
Why'd you tell the detectives
to shoot his tires out
if he tried to leave?
Sam. what'd he say
to you in there?
Okay.
How about a game. all right?
Legal exercise.
Pretend that I can prove
your client had a hand
in the demise
of those two people.
What would you want?
Just an exercise?
Well. we conduct
a psychiatric evaluation.
Good. Us too.
And depending on the outcome?
Something that avoids
the death penalty.
It seems par for the course
considering the current state
of the world today.
Difficulties securing
capital punishment.
I think that's something
the state would be amenable to.
Save ourselves a lot of time
and effort. shall we?
Have to talk
to my client first. of course.
Yeah. of course.
You do what you gotta do.
I'll do the same.
Just make sure we talk
before the end of the day.
Break time already?
Come on. boys.
Yes. sir.
Crawlspace is floodin' again.
Diggin' with my bare hands
and the gloves keep
gettin' sucked off
by all that shit down there.
You got the sump running?
Sump stopped workin' hours ago.
It's like the fuckin'
Hindenburg down there.
Jesus Christ.
How's that?
How'd you get it workin'?
Well. the police
are parked here.
Make sure you wipe your feet
when you come in. all right?
What the... Oh. my God.
What is goin' on here?
Jesus Christ.
Lieutenant.
-John.
Okay. I'm here. right?
I brought you here.
But this. this.
this is a fuckin' mess.
I. I gave you permission.
I gave you keys
and look at what your men
have done.
I mean. Jesus Christ.
This is my home.
-We got a warrant. John.
-Two of 'em.
Oh. Hello again. detective.
I'm gonna try to tidy
this up a bit. Jesus.
Hey. John.
You came here
to show us something.
Yeah. Uh. so this house
was built on reclaimed swamp.
And that's why you get
the floodin' in the crawlspace.
Then you get wet clay
and that's what's
with the smell.
This whole neighborhood.
it's just...
it's floatin' on water.
I see you gentlemen
found my beer.
Hard stuff's in the back.
-What the fuck's he doing here?
-He wanted to come.
Oh. good for fuckin' him.
He's talkin'
and we ain't stoppin' him.
He's here to confess.
Shouldn't he be cuffed?
Excuse me. That's private.
He ain't goin' anywhere.
We found another one.
You fuckin' kidding me?
Under the bathroom.
-How many?
-Hey. hey. hey.
Tovar...
-Huh?
No. Tovar.
don't. don't. don't. Hey.
-How many?
-Get him.
-Joe?
-How many?
-Hey. hey.
-Joe.
How many are down there?
-You stop.
-Joe.
How many are down there?
John. shut your mouth.
Or maybe I should draw you
a map. detective.
-Oh. for Christ's sake.
-Would that be helpful?
Control your fuckin' men. Joe.
Come on.
Hey. Sam. Lower your voice.
Come here.
Hey. John.
I wouldn't worry too much
about tidying up.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah. or. or the beer
or the floodin'.
'cause you're not
coming back here ever again.
Badgering my client now?
We're cooperating here. Bill.
Sam.
it's no problem. I told you.
I wanna help you guys
figure this out
as much as the next guy.
-John. don't speak.
You know what? Maybe we should
start with number one.
Uh. not exactly number one.
number one. but close.
Come on. He's in the garage.
Come on.
This thing...
that fucking thing out there
is gonna be a real nightmare.
I know.
We started out
looking for one kid.
Now we don't know what the fuck
we have on our hands
and I cannot have you
shitting the bed this early.
Tovar?
-Yeah. I'm fine.
Get the fuck outta here.
-I'm fine.
-For today.
Get outta here.
Plenty of other things to do.
Go do that.
Really?
Is nothing sacred?
Jesus.
These go in here.
And my screwdriver.
Can we keep this moving. please?
Yeah. What are we
doing out here. John?
All right.
Um...
I was gonna install a drain
in the corner there
on account of the floodin'.
like I was tellin' you.
Do you mind?
What?
He's down there.
This one was from. uh. '76.
or maybe it was '75.
Yeah. it had to be '75.
Who are we talking about here?
That's Butkovich.
You know. I think I have
as much love for your client
as he has hatred
for the Fifth Amendment.
You know.
you still have the right
to shut the fuck up. John.
Okay. Sam.
So he was my employee.
Real fast learner.
tireless like me.
Carole. wife number two.
she just loved him
because he was really sweet
with her little girls.
He was here for dinner
all the time.
Um. we even helped him out
for a while financially.
Until he started drinking more.
started slacking off.
got real violent.
One night. Carole was staying
at her girlfriend's in Minnesota
and Butkovich comes poundin'
on my door.
Drunk as a skunk.
demanding money.
saying that
I was withholding wages.
two weeks' pay.
You believe the nerve
on that shithead?
So I managed to get him
into the handcuffs.
Just. just to sober him up.
let him cool his jets
on the floor for a bit.
He's. he's screaming away at me.
You know. uh. "If you let me
outta these cuffs.
you're a dead man. Gacy."
So...
I tie a rope around his neck.
I twist it a bit...
...twist a little bit more.
Then I really give it a turn.
He struggled
like a son of a bitch.
carrying on with his hands
and whatnot.
But in doing so.
he strangled himself in essence.
Next night.
Carole comes home late.
What am I gonna do with
a fucking body in the garage
and my wife in the house?
So I figure. I already dug
a hole in here. right?
Dumped him in it.
covered him with a tarp
for a few days...
...then poured the concrete.
So under the house.
in the garage?
Is there any place else
we should be looking. John?
Nah. We ran out of room
at the inn.
But there are more.
You gotta drive though.
Excuse me.
Stay in control.
Let's go. let him get inside...
...cross your arms. now.
Drop your weight.
There it is.
All right. guys.
The future
bright minds of America.
A bunch of jockstraps
and their bimbo groupies.
You're just jealous the bimbos
aren't paying any attention
to you.
I could have one of them
if I tried.
I'm sure one of them
is still looking for a date
to the ball.
What the hell
is that theme even mean?
"A Night to Remember"?
Isn't that movie
about the Titanic?
Yearbook photographer
has its privileges.
Yeah. Funny.
We still hangin' later?
Uh. Osmands has that.
uh. special
with Farrah Fawcett
later tonight.
I'm not watching
Donny & Mariewith you. dude.
Outta Des Plain-and-Dullsville.
City-bound...
No way.
Don't be such a pussy. Szyc.
Lynn. don't call me that.
Pussy?
No. Szyc.
It's how you say your last name.
I'm respecting
your Polish heritage.
Check it out.
I copped my sister's ID.
Can you get your brother's?
No. He took it with him.
Johnny.
You haven't left yet. Thank God.
Not giving you a ride to work.
Later. Johnny.
Bye. Patti. Patti: Bye. Lynn.
Missed the two o'clock bus.
I got work. too.
Come on.
Gas money.
Okay. Fine.
-Gonna head out.
-Why? No.
Uh. just for a little bit.
There's no food in the house.
Well. that's not true.
Are we still having people over
for Christmas dinner?
We should. right?
They'll probably want more than
crackers and Campbell's soup.
Well. your father can do it.
He's at work.
And he's no good at it
and you know it.
I don't want you to go.
I know. but I have to.
I have to get out.
I'll be fine. I. I promise.
What do you think
you wanna cook?
Steak and potatoes? Yams?
Do what you want.
Have a lovely day. ma'am.
Thank you.
-Thank you so much.
Hey.
I was just about to go home.
but... it's fine.
Patti. right?
Maine West. I was ahead of you.
We were in Pep Club together.
Yeah. With Mr. C.
Yeah. Yeah.
Really sorry. about Rob.
Thanks.
How are you doing?
I don't know.
My mom's a. a wreck.
she hasn't left the house
all week.
We don't have to talk about it.
No. it's okay.
I think I need to.
It's been hell. being cooped up.
Everybody treating us
like we're ghosts.
It's awful.
I'm sure you know what I mean.
Your brother's still...
gone. right?
No.
No. I mean.
he's been spotted a few times.
Somebody saw his car.
That's what the police said
anyway.
Said he'd call eventually.
They're right.
You know how boys are.
He's. he's just going
through a phase.
Patti. the police found
boys' bodies
in that man's house
in Norwood Park.
Maybe Rob. Maybe...
My brother ran away.
Well. I hope yours
comes back soon.
See you around.
Thanks.
Look at me. Stop fidgeting.
-You're poking me in the eye.
-Well. hold still.
You thinkin' about
going to the ball?
Hell no.
Have you read that
crazy new book. Carrie?
Their prom?
Total bloodbath.
Yeah. you're probably right.
Music's gonna suck anyway.
You're thinking about going.
aren't you?
Yeah. Dad's been nagging me.
Same nuclear family bullshit.
Uh-hmm.
Only thing I'm nuking
are his dreams of grandkids.
You could just tell them.
Bugs and Tootie are cool.
They might not get it at first.
but they'll come around.
Only if you're ready.
I thought about telling Patti.
Test the waters?
Uh-hmm.
Part of me thinks
she already knows.
Part of me
isn't even sure if I know.
Trust me.
You're gay-by. baby.
Hmm.
either Ziggy Stardust or Bozo.
♪ The only thing ♪
♪ that matters is ♪
♪ Someone time ♪
♪ 'Cause who you were ♪
♪ with that midnight... ♪
Definitely Bowie.
♪ ...who you were ♪
♪ with that midnight... ♪
♪ Ooh. la. la ♪
♪ La. la ♪
♪ Ooh. la. la. la ♪
-♪ You can have it ♪
-♪ Woo-hoo ♪
Do you wanna go to
the senior ball with me?
Johnny?
Never mind.
Forget it.
Are you seriously asking me
to be your beard. Szyc?
Oh. you're right. It's stupid.
Of course. I'll go with you.
Gonna be a sinking ship.
but let's go down together.
yeah?
I love this song.
Come on.
♪ I never can say goodbye ♪
♪ No. no. no ♪
♪ I. I never can say goodbye ♪
♪ Every time I think ♪
♪ I've had enough ♪
♪ And start heading ♪
♪ for the door ♪
♪ There's a very strange ♪
♪ vibration ♪
♪ Piercing me ♪
♪ right to the core ♪
♪ It says ♪
♪ "Turn around you fool ♪"
♪ You know you love him ♪
♪ more and more" ♪
♪ Tell me why is it so? ♪
Your hair is pretty far out.
Thanks.
I'm Cliff.
Johnny. John.
Hello. John.
♪ Ooh baby ♪
♪ I never can say goodbye ♪
♪ no. no. no. no ♪
-♪ No. no. no. no. no ♪
-♪ Ooh. hey ♪
♪ I never ♪
♪ can say goodbye. boy ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. baby ♪
There you go.
♪ I never can say goodbye ♪
♪ No. no. no. no. no. no ♪
♪ No. no. no ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ I never can say goodbye ♪
♪ No. no. no ♪
♪ I. I never can say goodbye ♪
♪ Say goodbye ♪
♪ I keep thinking ♪
♪ that our problems ♪
♪ Soon are all gonna work out ♪
♪ But there's that same ♪
♪ unhappy feeling ♪
♪ And that anguish ♪
♪ and that doubt ♪
♪ It's that same ♪
♪ old dizzy hang-up ♪
♪ I can't do with you ♪
♪ or without ♪
You went to the city?
Mom's gonna lose her shit.
You say anything
and I'll tell her you smoke.
John.
No harm in answering now. right?
How many?
Dunno.
I picked up a lotta guys.
For sex.
Cruised around Bughouse Square.
Clark Street.
The Lake. sometimes PJ's.
Mostly for blow jobs.
beatin' off. stuff like that.
But actually eliminated?
Hard to say.
Jack's the one who done
the killings.
Jack?
Jack Hanley.
H-A-N-L-E-Y.
You'd have to ask him.
Are you saying
you had an accomplice. John.
At one point.
Jack was killing guys
once every two. three weeks.
That's why you got
so many bodies down there.
I mean. things got crazy
in '76 after Butkovich.
I couldn't keep up
on account of my condition.
I got a weak ticker.
They call it a bottleneck heart.
So this is Jack Hanley.
he's out there killing people.
And what are you doing?
Buryin' the bodies
down there in the crawlspace
and whatnot.
He's the one
who had me use muriatic acid
to speed up the decomposition.
Lime was his idea. too.
See. Jack's a homicide cop.
kinda like you guys.
He knows a lot about cadavers.
He knows a lot about queers too.
What. Jack's a homosexual.
He kinda like you. John.
Okay. Now. wait a minute.
I ain't a fruit picker.
I mean. bisexual. yeah.
Let me explain it to you.
See. there's three types
of sexes.
The heterosexual. he's in love
with the opposite sex. Broads.
And the homosexual.
with his own sex.
And a bisexual?
Well. he has sex
just for having it.
kinda like masturbation.
and that's me.
I've never had homosexual
relations in my life
'cause there's no feelings.
There's no love there.
I don't have a problem
with queers. I'm liberal.
Believe in live and let live.
But Jack...
Jack hates fags.
He despises 'em.
Especially the greedy ones.
Hustlers and fairies
sellin' their bodies
for 10. 20 bucks.
Jack was bent on removin' them
from the streets.
Cleaning up the deviates.
He's dumb and stupid.
Out there plantin' seeds.
Practically killed themselves
when they got into his car.
See. there's really four Gacys.
There's John the Contractor.
John the Politician.
John the Clown.
And there's the other guy.
Jack does evil things.
You're as handsome
as a red-haired Tab Hunter.
Hmm.
Thank you.
Now. watch it this second.
Oh. yes.
Here. Pop.
-Oh.
-Yeah. Okay. So...
Okay.
Okay. Got it.
Ms. Meadows.
your doomed cruise-liner awaits.
You're Patti Szyc?
I dumped some of 'em
off the side right here.
Almost got caught a few times.
Even thought one of 'em
fell on a barge.
But must not have. huh?
The current is quick
as hell down there.
You see that?
It's deep too.
I'm gonna ask you one more time.
Where the hell is Rob Piest?
Is that the boy
from the pharmacy?
Don't fuck with me.
You know who I'm talking about.
I called him Robbie.
Jesus fuckin' Christ.
It's gonna be a goddamn circus.
Let's get him back
to the station.
Let's go.
Hey. Plea is off the table.
Whatever. Come on.
Don't do this. okay?
Look... Just give me
a chance to talk...
No. Sam. what you have there
is a very. very bad man.
And I'm gonna fry him up.
I'm sorry.
Oh.
Gacy confessed.
He says he put your son's body
in the Des Plaines River.
Now. we haven't found him yet.
But there was nothing...
anyone could have done.
-Uh-hmm.
-Your son was gone
by the time you came to us.
Is that supposed
to make me feel better?
Does that make you feel better?
You wanted to fucking talk.
Right?
Here's your chance.
Tell me everything.
No more fucking games. John.
You're the judge. jury.
and executioner.
Okay.
You got a paper and pencil?
Somethin' to draw with?
Why?
Because I promised
Detective Tovar a map.